Added information about Restricted Documents. (#10887)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/compliance/get-started-with-service-trust-portal.md

> [!NOTE]
> Many of the files on the STP require acceptance of a license agreement. Some browser-based PDF viewers do not allow Javascript to run, which prevents the license agreement from being displayed and the file from opening.

#### All Documents

This section displays all available documents. Select the documents to save into your My Library section. Documents are sorted under the same categories shown under Certifications, Standards, Regulations, and Industry Resources. To view all resources for a particular cloud service use the **Cloud Service** filter.

#### Restricted Documents

> The Service Trust Portal has documents that, given the nature of their content, are available for users with specific permissions. Users with Tenant Admin, Compliance Viewer role or the user set in database are able to see the restricted documents. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Service Trust Portal has documents that, given the nature of their content, are available for users with specific permissions. Only users with the Tenant Admin or Compliance Viewer roles or users set in the database are able to see the restricted documents. 
```
